Added description for chef_package_url (#2570)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/azure_chef_cli.md

:   Specifies the [Ohai Hints](/ohai/#hints) to be set in the Ohai configuration of
    the target node.

`chef_package_url`

> :   Specifies a url to download Chef Infra Client package (.msi .rpm .deb) and
>     subsequently install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Specifies a URL to download and install the Chef Infra Client package (.msi .rpm .deb) from.
```

Author: Thank you @IanMadd. Updated as per review comments and done rebase.
